3.E.
(a)
git commit
On branch master
Your branch is ahead of 'origin/master' by 1 commit.
  (use "git push" to publish your local commits)

Changes not staged for commit:
        modified:   status.txt

no changes added to commit

git push

Enumerating objects: 21, done.
Counting objects: 100% (21/21), done.
Delta compression using up to 8 threads
Compressing objects: 100% (10/10), done.
Writing objects: 100% (14/14), 3.14 KiB | 642.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 14 (delta 0), reused 0 (delta 0)
To https://github.com/Henry-Chung/Assignment1.git
   f7a5d56..3826ffa  master -> master

(b)
9
git rev-list --all --count

(c)
Date:   Thu Sep 15 10:29:34 2016 -0400
git log -1 .gitignore

(d)
1.Allow users to develop in branches won't affect master development.
2.Allow lots of people to develop and maintain the code in the same time.

(e) 
git log:Allow you to review and read a history of everything that happens to a repository
git status:Display the state of the working directory and the staging area

(f)
git log --name-status Weapon.java

(g)
git log --grep=file

(h)
Inheritance:An inherited class is called a subclass of its parent class or super class. Basically, the subclass has inherited all functions and attibutes from the parent class.
In addition, the subclass can implement and add more specific function in it.

Polymorphism:Having the same name of methods with mutiple different arguments including Overloading, and Overriding.

Encapsulation:People only can get information from the interface has been provided instead of getting information directly from the inside.

(i)
Integration management has its own Centralized integration, but Dictator and Lieutenants Workflow is Distributed development and integration.

(j)
Since developer need to resolve conflicts every time before pushing to the central repository, it takes a lot of time.



5.
This RoleGame prototype uses both polymorphism and encapsulation.

Each weapon has its own functions hit() and hit(int armor), it's a polymorphism.
Class BasicWeapon has a protected value, DAMAGE. Each weapon class needs to use "extend" setting the value. It's a encapsulation.